I love socket programming in Python!
And a youth said, "Speak to us of Friendship." 
Your friend is your needs answered. 
He is your field which you sow with love and reap with thanksgiving. 
And he is your board and your fireside. 
For you come to him with your hunger, and you seek him for peace. 
When your friend speaks his mind you fear not the "nay" in your own mind, nor do you withhold the "ay." 
And when he is silent your heart ceases not to listen to his heart; 
For without words, in friendship, all thoughts, all desires, all expectations are born and shared, with joy that is unacclaimed. 
When you part from your friend, you grieve not; 
For that which you love most in him may be clearer in his absence, as the mountain to the climber is clearer from the plain. 
And let there be no purpose in friendship save the deepening of the spirit. 
For love that seeks aught but the disclosure of its own mystery is not love but a net cast forth: and only the unprofitable is caught. And let your best be for your friend. 
If he must know the ebb of your tide, let him know its flood also. sp eak, will wipe my eyes when I cry. She w ould sing the birthday song for me on m y birthday. She would encourage me wh en I lost confidence in. So, I think, friendship is a kind of treasur e in our lives. It is actually like a bottle of wine, the longer it is kept, and the sweet er it will be. It is also like a cup of tea. W hen we are thirsty, it will be our best cho ice. So, I will cherish my friends, I have to wo rk hard together with my friends, enA life without a friend is a life without a s un. Friendship is one of the most import ant things in everyone's life. So, I think, e very one of us, rich or poor, should at le ast have one or two good friends. As stu dents, we could share more time with ou r friends. The friendship in our young he arts is pure, fresh and simple. I often fee l very lucky to have a lot o
For what is your friend that you should seek him with hours to kill? 
Seek him always with hours to live. 
For it is his to fill your need, but not your emptiness. 
And in the sweetness of friendship let there be laughter, and sharing of pleasures. 
For in the dew of little things the heart finds its morning and is refreshed.         
djfhdjhs kick ass no tesla